feat: support strings for fontSize in BackstageTypography (#20324)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/smooth-rings-mate.md

---
'@backstage/theme': patch
---

> Added support for string `fontSize` values (e.g. `"2.5rem"`) in themes in addition to numbers. Also added an optional `fontFamily` prop for header typography variants to allow further customization.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if it would make sense to also add some documentation about how to use this overall? That might go above this section in the docs: https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/docs/getting-started/app-custom-theme.md#overriding-backstage-and-material-ui-components-styles

> Fixed a bug to support string fontSize values (`"2.5rem"`) instead of forcing numeric-only values & requiring casts. In addition, added an optional fontFamily prop for h1-h6 BackstageTypography variants to allow further customization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added support for string `fontSize` values (e.g. `"2.5rem"`) in themes in addition to numbers. Also added an optional `fontFamily` prop for header typography variants to allow further customization.
```

``` `backticks` ``` on identifiers will silence the spell checker. Also reworded a bit to fit casual adopters reading this later down the line.
